Add documentation for new GCE Node Driver (#1866)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/reference-guides/cluster-configuration/downstream-cluster-configuration/machine-configuration/google-gce.md

---
title: GCE Machine Configuration
---

<head>
  <link rel="canonical" href="https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/reference-guides/cluster-configuration/downstream-cluster-configuration/machine-configuration/google-gce"/>
</head>

For more information about Google Cloud Platform (GCP) and the Google Compute Engine (GCE), refer to the official [GCP documentation](https://cloud.google.com/docs).

### Zone

> The GCP Region and Zone that the VM will be deployed to. (e.g. `us-east1-b`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GCP Region and Zone that the VM will be deployed to. For example, `us-east1-b`.
```
